OBSDOCS-212: Add docs for http server receiver input (#71780)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/log-collector-http-server.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * logging/log_collection_forwarding/cluster-logging-collector.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="log-collector-http-server_{context}"]

> = Configuring the collector to listen for connections as an HTTP server

Reviewer: Is there any other use case for the collector to be listening as an HTTP server other than to collect audit logs? If not, should "audit logs" be incorporated into this title, if that's what users might be looking for?

"Configuring the collector to receive audit logs as an HTTP server" or something?

Author: Good call. Originally it was more general, but eng changed it because only audit logs are possible :) updated

> You can configure your log collector to listen for HTTP connections and receive audit logs as an HTTP server by specifying `http` as a receiver input in the `ClusterLogForwarder` custom resource (CR). This enables you to use a single common log store for audit logs that are collected from both inside and outside of your {product-title} cluster.

Reviewer: Just wondering if saying both "single" and "common" is repetitive?

.Prerequisites

* You have administrator permissions.
* You have installed the {oc-first}.
* You have installed the {clo}.
* You have created a `ClusterLogForwarder` CR.

.Procedure

. Modify the `ClusterLogForwarder` CR to add configuration for the `http` receiver input:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: logging.openshift.io/v1beta1
kind: ClusterLogForwarder
metadata:
# ...
spec:
  serviceAccountName: <service_account_name>
  inputs:
    - name: http-receiver # <1>
      receiver:
        type: http # <2>
        http:
          format: kubeAPIAudit # <3>
          port: 8443 # <4>
  pipelines: # <5>
    - name: http-pipeline
      inputRefs:
        - http-receiver
# ...
----
<1> Specify a name for your input receiver.
<2> Specify the input receiver type as `http`.

> <3> Currently, only receiving audit logs in the `kube-apiserver` webhook format is supported.

Reviewer: When I first read this, I was expecting it to only support receiving (as opposed to sending or something). I think that "only" needs to move closer to what the limitation is. Maybe:

```suggestion
<3> Currently, it is supported to receive audit logs only in the `kube-apiserver` webhook format.
```

or maybe

```suggestion
<3> Currently, only the the `kube-apiserver` webhook format is supported.
```
